[Music]
hello it's Ruby and welcome back to
another university vlog so in the
morning this day I decided to do some
readings
[Music]
and then since it was the school climate
strike that day I just made my pace down
okay I'm now off to the climate change
strike in Exeter and this is actually my
first if the school strikes I've been to
just every single time I couldn't go for
whatever reason it was really really
really annoying because I would have
loved to have gone but I'm going to this
one and I'm really excited
okay where are we we are indeed and the
Tanner is right yeah there's so many
people like so many more than we thought
when we went into the valley I could do
right you looked up all the way back as
far as yeah see like over the side
[Music]
[Applause]
don't you
ooh
[Applause]
so deep
[Music]
I
[Applause]
I'm not back from the climate change
strike it's around 4:45 I made myself
some lunch when I got in because I had
lunch at it was basically just mixed
vegetables in a tomato sauce a bit like
a card but without curry powder and I
had it with a few rice cakes like three
or four and some hummus
oh and half a beautifly Brad it was
really good it was a great great great
lunch yeah I loved the climate change
strike it was really amazing that
community spirit was fantastic when I
got back after the strike I did some
more philosophy readings
[Music]
[Applause]
never felt amaro closing in this fast oh
just say we've now got the Harry Potter
pub quiz which I went to last year and
it was probably my favorite event of
flashes it was just really relaxed
really friendly and we got to you a quiz
of course which is probably the best bet
and fire here I got back from Larry but
society social and it was really good
fun ladies will shout out to me were
expecting I'll see you in the morning
[Music]